lists/Rpackage_preflight.md, before:

# Building R Packages Pre-Flight Check List

1. Install latest version of R [from CRAN](https://cran.rstudio.com)
2. Install latest version of RStudio Desktop [from RStudio's web site](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/#download)
3. Open RStudio
4. Install `devtools` package (may take a few minutes) or update packages
4. Install `roxygen2` package
5. Click on Project ---> New Project… ---> New Directory ---> R Package
7. Enter package name
9. Verify that project **subdirectory** path does not contain any spaces
8. Click "Create Project"
8. Delete bolierplate code and `hello.R` file in the `R` directory
9. Goto the `man` directory and delete the `hello.Rd` file
9. In File browser, click on the package name to go to the top level directory
10. Click “Build” tab in environment browser
14. Click More ---> “Configure Build Tools…”
15. Check “Generate documentation with Roxygen” --> Click the "Configure..." button
16. Check “Build & Reload” in the Roxygen Options —> Click OK
17. Click OK in Project Build Tools Options

Commit message:

Add deleting of NAMESPACE file

lists/Rpackage_preflight.md, after:

# Building R Packages Pre-Flight Check List

1. Install latest version of R [from CRAN](https://cran.rstudio.com)
2. Install latest version of RStudio Desktop [from RStudio's web site](https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/#download)
3. Open RStudio
4. Install `devtools` package (may take a few minutes) or update packages
4. Install `roxygen2` package
5. Click on Project ---> New Project… ---> New Directory ---> R Package
7. Enter package name
9. Verify that project **subdirectory** path does not contain any spaces
8. Click "Create Project"
8. Delete bolierplate code and `hello.R` file in the `R` directory
9. Goto the `man` directory and delete the `hello.Rd` file
9. In File browser, click on the package name to go to the top level directory
9. Delete the `NAMESPACE` file (you will use `roxygen2` to auto-generate this file)
10. Click “Build” tab in environment browser
14. Click More ---> “Configure Build Tools…”
15. Check “Generate documentation with Roxygen” --> Click the "Configure..." button
16. Check “Build & Reload” in the Roxygen Options —> Click OK
17. Click OK in Project Build Tools Options
